How can we prevent them from registering their marriage?
We should be able to send it anonymously.
I hear we should email the mayor. Dear Mayor,
Hello;
No, no, no; Dear Mayor,
Hello; Regarding Huo Jiu
Ling and Ji Lingling
marriage registration,
I strongly object.
Okay,
Done, but I don't know if this email will even be useful.
How is your wife today?  She
had dinner and then
locked herself in her room.
She
seems to be in a
bad mood; Call Sao Long over,
You go and busy yourself.
What happened to your wife at school today?
Sir; This morning, she
was playing with her phone in class,
and got caught by the professor;
The professor made her
answer a question; She
couldn't answer,
so she was punished to copy the textbook;
Ten times;  He said next time
she should pay attention in
class. I understand; she's
always complaining
about that pointless class,
but she was actually
playing on her phone in class; She's so busy,
even finding time for simple things is difficult.